Update takePicture() docs in cookbook. (#5342)
flutter/website: src/docs/cookbook/plugins/picture-using-camera.md

## 5. Take a picture with the `CameraController`

You can use the `CameraController` to take pictures using the

> [`takePicture()`][] method. The [`takePicture()`][] method returns a [`Xfile`](https://pub.dev/documentation/camera/latest/camera/XFile-class.html) which is a cross-platform simplified File abstraction. In android and IOS implementation the image taken is stored in their respective cache directories. The path of the Xfile returned points to the image stored in the cache directory of the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`takePicture()`][] method, which returns an [`Xfile`][],
a cross-platform, simplified `File` abstraction.
On both Android and IOS, the new image is stored in their
respective cache directories,
and the `path` to that location is returned in the `Xfile`.

[`Xfile`]:  {{site.pub}}/documentation/camera/latest/camera/XFile-class.html
```

In this example, create a `FloatingActionButton` that takes a picture
using the `CameraController` when a user taps on the button.

Taking a picture requires 2 steps:

>   1. Ensure the camera is initialized.
>   2. Use the controller to take a picture and it returns a Future<Xfile>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Ensure that the camera is initialized.
  2. Use the controller to take a picture and ensure that it returns a `Future<Xfile>`.
```

      // Ensure that the camera is initialized.
      await _initializeControllerFuture;

>       // Attempt to take a picture and get the file
>       // where the image was saved.
>       final image = await _controller.takePicture();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Attempt to take a picture and then get the location
      // where the image file is saved.
      final image = await _controller.takePicture();
```
